Bunch of improvements in dev scripts, drop docker, introduce build_all example (#2)
openshift-cloud-team/dev-scripts: README.md

It's critical to correctly configure the credentials here or the building process will fail with permission errors.

> Also, this sets of scripts relying on podman as a container engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, these sets of scripts rely on `podman` as a container engine.
```
